the rate finally comes the end of
the week together we trout burn the
beef as the brejas watch me at the final
us is mano us is equal to the beat
do not lose the cup but do not close
I come here to present the program of
underwear
if brazil is champion with a beja tire
and badu in soccer, who am I to say?
thing for you is that I'm going to say nothing
images more than a thousand words want to know
Such a cold fucking thing here.
inside the band died of pneumonia and
this cueca also tribute to germany is
low team and God willing will
winning the Argentine because losing 7
germany and saw we were going to be champion
here in there is too much football is not
a box of surprises and can live
You are my friend, said your mobile on board.
it is not that your irony of the screen you are a
smart guy that this clever
w it makes sense that I who thought that
there was no greater shame to lose
of seven souls bind only my gringo
Wow, come on, have some and come.
showing the orange on the TV until the
semifinal right but against the Argentines
the Dutch left sadly with ccom
it was much more crowded full of them
believed in the fourth final of the
world to holland
they will have to wait another four
years for who knows how to celebrate
the maid lucas then no, I do not go
pretend you did not see who saw you
landesk weather inlay showed a donkey
ademar león
This is what I wanted to say that you lose with
the argentina gives is offering itself in
network of trails or securely arranges the wave
on clay and tea
You also need to give some tips to
English mother who saw why in this chapel
It's okay, and I'm not even talking about where it is.
when she played the puppet with the 6
companies
This was just one more of her brides.
speaking little I will speak - there is still
something I know she will see that it has
behind
it comes to Portugal that the tragedy was
though
we like this
The ball found the boy has things that
we think it can not get worse, but we
can worsen so someone in the region of asia
angle is very champion of europe
get to pay the beautiful
So far what I'm going to say I went
condemned
I want is this guy has a program and
I do not even have a light bulb and 9
When a woman reaches my age
Good, she falls for once and shoots her for everything.
side because it's bone in thing gabriel
It was always beautiful apple diseases
the chef sends the day she sends in
nobody for everybody, my alexandre
Cat Your Cat impressive because it
I have weeks what you asked for and
You mama much prettier without the cap
or moon
You're really beautiful, same as I was already.
I had noticed this beautiful woman.
of the beautiful beautiful beautiful linen is every day
more beautiful all beautiful not be
modest looks amir here
ramsey who spends time being silent is you
gabizinha after this I'll pass ball
for Mrs. Clotilde
until next week the mother is not a luxury
Hotel
A lot of calm, it's time to create more
new blood
He is a very good guy then.
by the company's management
sorry we had another break
has not now not bored by the end there
did not care and country looks porchat it
I dream I wanted one night, yes, only one.
night bride how are you going to have problems
I wanted to think it delicious but she just
I proved to you how one night she
have ye drunk equivalence
launch now read gabriel I think the
Greek is a very cool place she talks
that I'm beautiful and I gave something else I
I just wanted a night out with the
maria gabriela otto
I just wanted one night anyone is
truth
married 10 years ago is bigger as I am
Sanding me tile as our battery of
underwear one night